hey guys brickqueen here for episode
number 43 of the round table and we are
in the Shire this week because Lego is
releasing the hobbit sets this week and
I've already got I think half of them
basically and I'm still looking to get
the other half of the sets I'm missing
either three or four sets I can't
remember for sure but anyway let's go
ahead and talk about your winners this
week first your comment winter well I
guess first I should tell you what the
comment question was last week I asked
you guys what your favorite 2012 Lego
minifigure was and my favorite is
actually iron man because of the mask I
think that was a very good unique
feature but I chose ipod lego 56 because
he was actually the only person to say
Aragorn which I also think was a good
figure so anyway that's your comment
winner your mock winner this week is
laser starfish for lego hero factory
brain attack mock Hydra so I thought
that was good it's a three headed lion
and so check that video out and your
brick film winner this week is lbf
studios with facing the corrupt a lego
ninjago project so congratulations to
all of the winners and I think I've come
up with an interesting question for you
guys this week I want to know what
unique element you would add to Lego and
let me explain that a little bit think
about if you're building mocks or
anything like that what Lego piece you
want Lego to make it can be a unique
shaped piece or maybe an accessory or
whatever you think Lego needs to make
not minifigure wise and not set wise but
just individual kind of elements and
I'll give you an example but I don't
want you to use this as an answer but I
think Lego should make an actual little
Lego TV I think that would be a really
good thing for them to do so that's just
an example so comment below and let me
know what you think Lego needs to make
and I'll be watching for those brick
films and mocks and customs this week
and I will see you guys next week thanks
for watching